docs: Non-UI API docs rewrite (pt 1) (#8825)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/orientation-sensor.md

# Orientation sensor

> [!TIP]
> This article covers Uno-specific information for SimpleOrientationSensor. For a full description of the feature and instructions on using it, consult the UWP documentation: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/windows.devices.sensors.simpleOrientationSensor

 * The `Windows.Devices.Sensors.SimpleOrientationSensor` class allows you to determine the general orientation of the device.

## Supported features

| Feature        |  Windows  | Android |  iOS  |  Web (WASM)  | macOS | Linux (Skia)  | Win 7 (Skia) | 
|---------------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-|
| `GetDefault`         | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ |
| `ReadingChanged` | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✔ | ✖ | ✖| ✖ |

## Using SimpleOrientationSensor with Uno
 

>  * The `GetDefault` method is availble on all targets and will return `null` on those which do not support `SimpleOrientationSensor` or devices which do not have such sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The `GetDefault` method is available on all targets and will return `null` on those which do not support `SimpleOrientationSensor` or devices that do not have such a sensor.
```
